### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
It is a free, open source Relational Database Managing System that uses SQL standard, working with an object-oriented model.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
Structured Query Language is a language for querying a database. RDM systems use SQL for querying

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
\c database_name

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
`WHERE` is a keyword for applying a condition on a row, `HAVING` is a keyword for applying a condition on an agregate function

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
`INNER` join selects the rows that are contained in both tables, `OUTER` selects the "inner' rows plus elements that belong only to one or the other table.

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
`LEFT OUTER` contains all of the rows from the first table (left), combined with matching rows from the second table (right)
`RIGHT OUTER` contains the matching rows from the first table (left), combined with all the rows from the second table (right)

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
Object-relational mapping - A methodology that operates on an object model that is mapped to the tables in a database

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
  An AJAX request will return data from a function that makes that call.
  The `requests` library needs to be installed and it gives a more rounded response, that include several methods for returning status code, text or json

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
Cross-Site Request Forgery token is a hidden data field in the form that is generated by the server in the form, then checked by the server when form is submitted

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
It includes the hidden form field with the CSRF token
